Update configure.md (#21915)
docker/docs: content/manuals/engine/logging/configure.md

> output, which can lead to disk space exhaustion.
>
> Docker keeps the json-file logging driver (without log-rotation) as a default

> > to retain backward compatibility with older versions of Docker, and for situations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> to remain backwards compatible with older versions of Docker, and for situations
```

Author: Done!
